//Accenture Network Security & Cloud

1) Which of the Following KeyStream is generated by the concatenation of shared 40bits key and 24 bits IV?
Ans:- Rivest Cipher 4

2)  How does WPA2 differ from WPA?
Ans:- It used pre-shared key or 802.1x as authentication methods and CCMP based on AES as an Encryption algorithm user

3) In which one of the following, a strategy record or Document is created respectively to the events, conditions a user may face while applying cloud computing mode.
Ans:- Cloud Computing Strategy Planning

4) Consider a situation where you have to choose between the major cloud service providers. Which would you choose if you want support for Linux, Windows Server, and SQL Server and enhanced security?
Ans:- Google Cloud

5) How many phases are there in Cloud Computing Planning?
Ans:- 3

6) Which of the following statements is true about cloud and data center?
1. In Cloud, owner is responsible for downtime and repairs
2. In Data center, owner is responsible for downtime and repairs

Ans:- Only 2

7) In the SSLv3 the padding bits are ____________ with the secret key.
Ans:- Concatenated

8) Which of the following types of network security ensures that potential attackers cannot infiltrate your network?
Ans:- Virtual Private Network

9) Which of the following cloud service provider does not provide application lifecycle management?
Ans:- Azure , Google Cloud , AWS

10) Which of the following security standard has the possibility of breaking the encryption during the initial 4- way handshake ?
Ans:- WPA/WPA2

11) You are working on a router that has established privilege levels that restric access to certain functions. You discover that you are not able to execute the command show running-configuration. How can you view and confirm that the access list that have been apllied to the Ethernet 0 interface on your router?
Ans:- show ip interface Ethernet 0

12) What command will permit SMTP mail to only host 1.1.1.1 ?
Ans:- access-list 110 permit tcp any host 1.1.1.1 eq smtp

13) You want to create a standard access list that denies the subnet of the following host: 172.16.50.172/20 . Which of the following would you start your list with ? 
Ans:- access-list 10 deny 172.16.48.0 0.0.15.255

14) What router command allows you to dertermine whether an IP access list is enabled on a particular interface ?
Ans:- show ip interface

15) Antivirus scanning devices fall under which type of network security device?
Ans:- Active devices

16) Which of the following is the correctly mapped relationship between attributes and cloud or data centre?
Ans:- On-premises: Data center, Remote Hardware: Cloud

17) Consider a situation when you have to choose between the major cloud service providers. Which would you choose if you need a cloud service if you do not want to have backup support?
Ans:- Google Cloud

18) Consider a situation where you have to choose between the major cloud service providers. Which would you choose if you want support for Linux, Windows Server, and SQL Server and enhanced security?
Ans:- Azure

19) An attack in which the user receives an unwanted amount of emails is   .
Ans:- E-mail Bombing

20) Attack in which a user creates a packet that appears to be something else is   .
Ans:- Spoofing

21) DES Encryption algorithm is an example of which of the following options?
Ans:- Bit-oriented cipher

22) How many processes are there for changing a plaintext piece of data into encrypted data in AES - 128?
Ans:- 10

23) Which of the following cloud service providers does not provide Hybrid Storage?
Ans:- Google Cloud

24) Which of the following cloud service providers should be preferred if most of your data is of Binary large objects type?
Ans:- Azure

1. Basics of Networking
Which of the following is a Layer 3 device?
a) Switch
b) Router
c) Hub
d) Repeater
Answer: b) Router

What does DNS stand for?
a) Domain Name System
b) Distributed Network Service
c) Data Network Service
d) Domain Name Security
Answer: a) Domain Name System

Which protocol is used to transfer files over the Internet?
a) HTTP
b) FTP
c) SMTP
d) SNMP
Answer: b) FTP

What is the primary purpose of a subnet mask?
a) Encrypt data
b) Identify network and host portions of an IP address
c) Allocate IP addresses
d) Resolve domain names
Answer: b) Identify network and host portions of an IP address

What is the range of Class C IP addresses?
a) 128.0.0.0 - 191.255.255.255
b) 192.0.0.0 - 223.255.255.255
c) 224.0.0.0 - 239.255.255.255
d) 240.0.0.0 - 255.255.255.255
Answer: b) 192.0.0.0 - 223.255.255.255

2. Network Security
Which of the following is NOT a security principle?
a) Confidentiality
b) Integrity
c) Availability
d) Scalability
Answer: d) Scalability

What is the purpose of a VPN?
a) To increase internet speed
b) To establish a secure connection over an untrusted network
c) To allocate IP addresses dynamically
d) To block malware
Answer: b) To establish a secure connection over an untrusted network

Which of the following is a network attack prevention method?
a) Antivirus
b) Firewalls
c) Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS)
d) All of the above
Answer: d) All of the above

What does HTTPS add to HTTP?
a) Port-based communication
b) Encryption
c) Increased bandwidth
d) Content compression
Answer: b) Encryption

Which layer of the OSI model is responsible for encryption?
a) Physical
b) Transport
c) Presentation
d) Application
Answer: c) Presentation

3. Encryption Standards & Algorithms
What type of encryption does AES use?
a) Symmetric
b) Asymmetric
c) Hybrid
d) None
Answer: a) Symmetric

What is the key size used in DES encryption?
a) 64 bits
b) 128 bits
c) 56 bits
d) 192 bits
Answer: c) 56 bits

Which algorithm is widely used in digital signatures?
a) RSA
b) MD5
c) DES
d) SHA-1
Answer: a) RSA

What does a hash function ensure?
a) Confidentiality
b) Integrity
c) Authentication
d) Availability
Answer: b) Integrity

Which of the following is a block cipher?
a) AES
b) RC4
c) SHA-256
d) MD5
Answer: a) AES

4. Network Security Devices
Which of these devices is primarily used to inspect incoming and outgoing packets?
a) Firewall
b) Router
c) Switch
d) Hub
Answer: a) Firewall

What does an Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) do?
a) Detects potential attacks but does not act
b) Prevents potential attacks in real time
c) Encrypts data packets
d) Balances network load
Answer: b) Prevents potential attacks in real time

Which of these devices creates a private and secure network over the Internet?
a) VPN
b) IDS
c) Proxy Server
d) Load Balancer
Answer: a) VPN

A firewall can operate at which of the following OSI layers?
a) Network and Transport layers
b) Physical and Data Link layers
c) Application and Presentation layers
d) All layers
Answer: a) Network and Transport layers

What type of firewall inspects traffic at the application layer?
a) Stateful firewall
b) Packet filtering firewall
c) Proxy firewall
d) NAT firewall
Answer: c) Proxy firewall

5. Attack Types
What is a Denial-of-Service (DoS) attack?
a) Gaining unauthorized access to a system
b) Overwhelming a network or server to disrupt services
c) Encrypting user data for ransom
d) Exploiting a vulnerability in software
Answer: b) Overwhelming a network or server to disrupt services

What does a phishing attack involve?
a) Stealing user credentials through fake websites or emails
b) Infecting systems with malware
c) Encrypting data
d) None of the above
Answer: a) Stealing user credentials through fake websites or emails

Which of the following attacks exploits a lack of input validation?
a) SQL Injection
b) Man-in-the-Middle
c) Phishing
d) DDoS
Answer: a) SQL Injection

What is a zero-day attack?
a) An attack that occurs at midnight
b) An attack exploiting an unknown or unpatched vulnerability
c) An attack on the physical layer
d) An attack targeting cryptographic keys
Answer: b) An attack exploiting an unknown or unpatched vulnerability

In which type of attack does the attacker intercept communication between two parties?
a) Man-in-the-Middle (MITM)
b) Phishing
c) DoS
d) Keylogger
Answer: a) Man-in-the-Middle (MITM)

6. Firewalls
What is the primary purpose of a firewall?
a) Load balancing
b) Packet filtering
c) Content delivery
d) Resolving DNS queries
Answer: b) Packet filtering

Which type of firewall operates at both the network and application layers?
a) Packet filtering firewall
b) Stateful firewall
c) Proxy firewall
d) NAT firewall
Answer: c) Proxy firewall

What is the default action taken by most firewalls when a packet does not match any rule?
a) Allow
b) Block
c) Log and allow
d) Forward to another device
Answer: b) Block

Which protocol is often used for remote firewall management?
a) HTTP
b) SSH
c) SNMP
d) FTP
Answer: b) SSH

What does Stateful Packet Inspection (SPI) in firewalls do?
a) Tracks the state of active connections
b) Encrypts all packets
c) Performs load balancing
d) Inspects DNS queries
Answer: a) Tracks the state of active connections




